feat: add $.env and $.argv (#77)
google/zx: README.md

In verbose mode, the `zx` prints all executed commands alongside with their outputs.
This is the same as using `set -x` in Bash.

### `$.env`

> It's an alias for `process.env`.
> 
> ### `$.argv`
> 
> It is an array containing arguments received by the current script.

Reviewer: - This should note that `$.argv` drops the first 2 args of `process.argv`.
- Descriptions like these read better if you drop the "it's".

```suggestion
An alias for `process.env`.

### `$.argv`

An array containing the arguments received by the current script.
Excludes the execution path and filename.
```

Author: `Excludes the execution path and filename.` may bring ambiguity to users. I think I need to add more detailed explanation. I will add it. Thank you!
